[Docs] Add documentation and examples for `Figure` (#524)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/figure.md

# How to use figures

> This guide shows you how to add any dash component to Vizro that needs to be reactive to controls or actions in your page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide shows you how to add any Dash component to Vizro that needs to be reactive to controls or actions in your page.
```

Reviewer: Capitalised?

If you want to add a static Dash component to your page, use [custom components](custom-components.md) instead.

In essence, `Figure` is a higher-level abstraction, providing a flexible foundation for all types of reactive Dash

> components in Vizro. The [`Graph`][vizro.models.Graph], [`Table`][vizro.models.Table] and [`AgGrid`][vizro.models.AgGrid]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
components in Vizro. The [`Graph`][vizro.models.Graph], [`Table`][vizro.models.Table] and [`AgGrid`][vizro.models.AgGrid] components
```

> are specific implementations of the `Figure`. They serve as intuitive shortcuts, embedding behaviors and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are specific implementations of `Figure`. They serve as intuitive shortcuts, embedding behaviors and
```

interactions specific to their purposes.

The following flowchart shows what you need to consider when choosing which model to use:

> ``` mermaid

Reviewer: We had some problems with Mermaid diagrams in Kedro whereby they stopped rendering for no real reason, so let's keep an eye on this. What we did was to keep the Mermaid in the file but comment it out and instead screengrab the image (before commenting it out). So it's available to update relatively easily but we aren't expecting it to render on the fly.

Author: Ah, that's good to know! We currently also use it for the dynamic data section, but currently, I haven't encountered any issues yet 👍 What I like about it is the interactivity as you can click directly to the relevant links, which wouldn't work in a screenshot

graph TD

>   first["`Does the dash component you want to add exist in our components library already?`"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  first["`Does the Dash component you want to add exist in our components library already?`"]
```

>   extend-component([Use our existing components and enhance them if required])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  extend-component([Use an existing component and enhance it if required])
```

>   second["`Does the new dash component need to be reactive to controls or actions?`"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  second["`Does the new Dash component need to be reactive to controls or actions?`"]
```

  second-static([Use custom components])
  second-reactive([Use Figure and provide a custom function])

  first -- Yes --> extend-component
  first -- No --> second
  second -- No --> second-static
  second -- Yes --> second-reactive

  click extend-component href "../custom-components/#extend-an-existing-component"
  click second-static href "../custom-components/#create-a-new-component"
  click second-reactive href "#how-to-use-figures"

  classDef clickable color:#4051b5;
```

> To add a `Figure` to your page, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a `Figure` to your page:
```

- add the `Figure` model to the components argument of the [Page][vizro.models.Page] model.

> - use an existing figure function from [`vizro.figures`](../API-reference/figure-callables.md) and pass it to the `figure` argument of the `Figure` model.

Reviewer: These should be numbered bullets and start with capitals too.
